   link to codepen solution: https://codepen.io/ampark/pen/VwbBOwQ?editors=1100
   
   1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? 
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    Attributes provide additional information about elements.  They are specified in the start tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 tag is used for the main topic of a page.  We should only use it one time.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    The img and a tags both require attributes

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    we put the title, style, meta, link, script, and base in the head element.

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is used to specify a unique id for an html element.  Cannot use the same id more than once in an html document.

    8. What elements can I add an id to?
     you can add id to a p, h1
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Can only use the same id once on a page.
    10. What is a class? 
    Class is used to specify a class for an html element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Class can be used multiple times.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target=_"blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    provides accessiblity to the image incase it does not load or for a screen reader.
    15. How do I reference an id?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is one big part used a couple times where as a div can be used within sections and anywhere else even inside another div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    to style our html page.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    we select an element by calling that element and putting curly braces around them.
    h2 {

    }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    You use an id one time for something that'll never change maybe a persons name. You can use a class multiple times on the same page.
    
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    We select classes in css by using . before the name of the class you want to call. 

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human 
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    parent child selector selects all elements that are the direct child of the chosen element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    a pseudo selector is a selector that selects elements that in a specific state.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height:

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform:lowercase, text-transform:uppercase, text-transform:capitalze,

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border-style:dotted;
    border-color:black;
    border-width:1px;


    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    *{

    }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* insert comment */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    cd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm ""
    34. Why should I use version control? 


    35. How often should I commit to github?
    It is recommended you commit every 20 minutes or when you get a major feature working.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin "firstname-lastname"

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    git clone "link"
    git checkout -b firstname-lastname
    ... after adding changes ...
    git add .
    git commit -m "changes"
    git push -u origin firstname-lastname / branch name


Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    An inline element is within the line and a block element takes up its own line.

    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    when an element is positioned absolute it will be in the same spot regardless of where the user is scrolled on a page.

    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 


    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    div / p / h1 are block elements by default.  Span / em are inline elements.

    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    box model is a set of things that are around an element that can be used to control the size around the element.  
    The fix for the box model is using box-sizing:border-box which allows the elements 


   --> 